Docker Layer Caching unavailable on free tier (#3861)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/building-docker-images.md

1. All commands are executed in the [primary-container]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/glossary/#primary-container).
2. Once `setup_remote_docker` is called, a new remote environment is created, and your primary container is configured to use it. All docker-related commands are also executed in your primary container, but building/pushing images and running containers happens in the remote Docker Engine.

> 3. We enable [Docker Layer Caching]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/glossary/#docker-layer-caching) here to speed up image building (attention: the option `docker_layer_caching: true` isn't available in CircleCI's free tier, but only on Performance & Premium usage plan).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. We enable [Docker Layer Caching]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/glossary/#docker-layer-caching) (DLC) here to speed up image building (**note:** the option `docker_layer_caching: true` is available on [Performance and Custom plans](https://circleci.com/pricing/), not the Free plan. DLC is available on CircleCI Server installations).
```
